Oh leaving me just let him go Abby
and then what rushed over to my house
and tell me all about it I can't imagine
any man letting you sit through his
fingers you're the only woman in the
world I would like to be Robert look at
me not 24 anymore I'm 34 anymore so well
thank you 89 maybe I'd like to have a
family before it's too late 1999 you do
need to have a man to have a child this
is the 21st century I have something to
tell you
is it bigger than a breadbox not yet
[Music]
actually it's me so your biological time
clock is ticking that's it
Robert is the most incredible man we're
never getting married so we can't get
divorced
having a child stops you from worrying
about yourself there's something more
important than you in the world does not
always support families that are
different why don't you sleep in mommy's
room she snores she smells like a great
big old
[Applause]
I have a date what date are you - never
together
we're best friends Roberts my family
[Music]
it's been my daddy now what I think
you're great dad
I just want to solve it get along the
last thing that we want to do is hurt
you Sam is my son forever and always Hey
is Abby here
[Music]
you